build(napa): add dockerhub descriptions (#395)
edgexfoundry/cd-management: image-overview-templates/new-names/app-record-replay-arm64.md

$$./common/warning.md

$$./common/quick-reference.md

# Supported tags and respective Dockerfile links

$$./common/version-napa.md |
        - [Dockerfile](https://github.com/edgexfoundry/app-record-replay/blob/v3.1.0/Dockerfile)
        - [Dockerfile](https://github.com/edgexfoundry/app-record-replay/blob/v3.1.0/Dockerfile)

# Quick reference 

- Where to file issues: https://github.com/edgexfoundry/app-record-replay/issues
- Supported architectures: arm64
- Published image artifact details: https://nexus3.edgexfoundry.org
- Source of this description: https://github.com/edgexfoundry/cd-management/tree/edgex-docker-hub-documentation/image-overview-templates/new-names/app-record-replay-arm64.md

$$./common/what-is-edgex.md

# What's in this image?

> This image contains the App-Record-Replay. App service that transforms raw RFID LLRP readings to inventory events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This image contains the App-Record-Replay. App service that records from EdgeX MessageBus and can replay those events back to the EdgeX MessageBus as if they can for the original Device Service/Devices.
```

> This image contains the App-Record-Replay. App service that records from EdgeX MessageBus and can replay those events back to the EdgeX MessageBus as if they can for the original Device Service/Devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This image contains the App-Record-Replay application service that records events from EdgeX MessageBus and can replay those events back to the EdgeX MessageBus as if they came from the original Device Service/Devices.
```
